famous users of photo service
instagram published another post
caused interest far beyond
circle of subscribers
Ramzan Kadyrov posted pictures of his
boxing fight with the Chechen Minister of Sport
which quote
unobtrusively right and left hook
explained that you need to work with your head and
then punish the guilty
the official was watched by the Russian minister
labor and his chechen colleague quite
probably hinted at the next footage
he is waiting in the ring for a new percussion method
leadership studied Ivan water mugs water
Chechen Minister of Physical Education and
sport salambek ismailov not working well
Ramzan Kadyrov told him
will repair the building un failed
everything would happen somewhere in bryansk
would be deprived of premiums would be reprimanded and
everything
but in the terrible so just you will not get off in
the course of our dialogue rather sparring I
gently and unobtrusively hook to the right and left
explained to him on the fingers rather on
fists need to work head in
the minister began to correct his mistakes
tonight and so I still
allowed him to wear a helmet because he tomorrow
to work yet
Kadyrov himself to the word master of sports on
boxing selflessly entered the ring
without a helmet educational conversation
lasted two rounds and how are you not
happened though prerequisites would he
broke through till morning till white smooth
saw something bad wearing this for
an example
salambek ismailov boxing man is also not
stranger practicing speak with local
champions so probably could give
Port authorities are more powerful in my opinion
sports minister called bigger and better
prepared what personnel in terms of technology
boxes moment of course it will be just them
did not use that's all for the fight
by the way watched the federal minister
labor topilin- looking quite
complacently and of course there is no reason to think
that kadyrovskiy uppercuts beat on
Labor Code
could he not go here in terms of
law certainly could not go to that
there is for it you can not dismiss yes it was
would be in general a violation that is to
lay off need all the same leadership
with legislation and dismiss for what
then specific actions are illegal and but
if he went and agreed to take
participating in this then this is generally exactly
his personal matter that is under
we do not have legislation
from the authorities of sports offers
refuses at all hard won y
Alexander Lukashenko, too, will not spoil
talk about mandatory for his
administration of the February ski race
if you have doubts about health
wear skates and a club take or skis
tomorrow I will try you younger than me
here we want to fly here today for all
take 10 kilometers if you pass
first you will be president tomorrow
Good morning Chechen President
announced that sparring Ismail probably
not the last working meeting in the ring and
among the low ministers the partner is still
there are cameras all will fix
minister post about when he scolded to
calmed down
gives him the will to do it
no hit
why he will be at home to sit there tapericha
but this fuss swear nervous
here he will take in the evening with me there
poboksiruym but in general salambek
Ismailova lucky he works
the government of Kadyrov
they are the best central african
leader jean trouble either catia that
the guilty minister once just
ate Ivan Trushkin Fatima yes yes him
Tatyana Pavlova and Alexander Danilov
television company moscow terrible
the appearance has become known today